Create a new "Create Your First Tizen IoT .NET Application" page (#1120)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/get-started/iot/first-app.md

> # Create Your First Tizen IoT .NET Application

Author: This IoT Page is based on the other existing profile pages.
ex) https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/mobile/first-app/

I think they should have a similar format.

> # Create Your First Tizen IoT .NET Application

Reviewer: @xbldx Thank you for your explanations. 
@mijin85cho  request your valuable opinion on the same.

> # Create Your First Tizen IoT .NET Application

Reviewer: As I can understand, this can be a Tizen .Net based IoT app for any profile like wearable, Tv, etc.

As per my understanding, (which can be wrong ) the apps whatever we develop, will be on its core will be Tizen.NET based. These apps can, for instance, be called as **Tizen .Net based wearable/mobile/Tv IoT app**. Here the utilization of the developed apps will address the IoT use case.

> # Create Your First Tizen IoT .NET Application

Author: It's not true. Tizen IoT profile is for IoT devices.

> # Create Your First Tizen IoT .NET Application

Reviewer: @xbldx  thanks for your reply. 
Cant an IoT app run on a wearable?
- I mean isn't a wearable considered as IoT device? 
- I may be wrong, but you can help me understand this.
   https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9058658
   https://www.google.com/search?client=firefox-b-d&q=are+wearables+part+of+iot

> # Create Your First Tizen IoT .NET Application

Author: Your question is a little ambiguous. 
Can you launch wearable app on a mobile? It is Yes or No.

There are Mobile, Wearable, TV and IoT profiles in Tizen.
It can be changed later. But IoT is one of Tizen profile now.

> # Create Your First Tizen IoT .NET Application

Author: Our wearable profile is not related to IoT profile directly.
In other words, our IoT profile is not for wearable(watch) devices now.

> The Tizen .NET framework allows you to easily and efficiently create applications for Tizen. Study the following instructions to help familiarize yourself with the Tizen .NET application development process. With the instructions, you can create and run a basic .NET application, which displays some texts on the screen without any user interaction.

Author: This IoT Page is based on the other existing profile pages.
ex) https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/mobile/first-app/

I think they should have a similar format.
Espesically, this is not for only IoT. It is for common.

1.  Before you get started with developing Tizen applications, set up the [development environment](../../../vstools/install.md).

2. [Create a Project](#create-a-project) using Visual Studio.

    This step shows how you can use a predesigned project template that creates all the basic files and folders required for your project.

3. [Build Your Application](#build-your-application).

    After you have implemented code for the features you want, this step shows how you can build the application to validate and compile
    the code.

4. [Deploy and Run Your Application](#deploy-and-run-your-application).

    This step shows how you can deploy and run the application on the reference board.

5. [Understand Your Application](#understand-your-application).

    This step shows how you can enhance your application by creating a UI and making small alterations to improve the usability of the application.

6. [Package Your Application](#package-your-application).

    This step shows how you can package your application.

## Create a Project

> The following example shows you how to create and configure a basic Tizen .NET application project in Visual Studio. An application project contains all the files that make up an application.

Author: This IoT Page is based on the other existing profile pages.
ex) https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/mobile/first-app/

I think they should have a similar format.
This example is not for only IoT. It is a common.

> The following example shows you how to create and configure a basic Tizen .NET application project in Visual Studio. An application project contains all the files that make up an application.

Author: It is the same sentence as wearable and mobile.

The following figure illustrates the output of the application. The application screen displays a message, **Welcome to Xamarin Forms!** and there is no user interaction.

![Application running on the reference board](media/cs_first_building_device.png)

> 

Author: This IoT Page is based on mobile page.
Mobile page have a same position.
ex) https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/mobile/first-app/

I think they should have a similar format.

> To create a new Tizen .NET project:

Author: This way is not for only IoT. It is a common way.

> To create a new Tizen .NET project:

Author: It is the same sentence as wearable and mobile.

1.  Launch Visual Studio 2019.

2. In the Visual Studio menu, select **File \> New \> Project**.

    ![Create a new project](media/cs_first_creating_menupath.png)

    A New Project window appears.

3. Select **C\#** from languages and **Tizen** from platforms, select **Tizen XAML App (Xamarin.Forms)** template and click **Next**.

    ![Select a template](media/cs_first_creating_new_project.png)

    Configure the project properties and click **Create**. You can enter **Project name**, **Location**, **Solution**, and **Solution name**.

    ![Select a template](media/cs_first_creating_configure_project.png)

    The **Tizen Project Wizard** pop-up window appears.

> 4. Select the profile, **Common** and click **OK**.

Author: I disagree your opinion. Please check the following page.
- https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/wearable/first-app/
- https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/mobile/first-app/
- https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/tv/first-app/

> 4. Select the profile, **Common** and click **OK**.

Reviewer: @xbldx Thanks, As suggested by @mijin85cho to maintain consistency across getting started pages, we keep the sentence as is.

    ![Tizen Project Wizard](media/cs_first_creating_project_wizard_common.png)

The following figure illustrates a solution with the common project created and displayed in the **Solution Explorer** view:

![Project Structure](media/vs_solution_explorer.png)

-   The **\<projectname\>** project contains the Xamarin.Forms code shared across platforms.
-   A common project titled **\<projectname\>.Tizen** is added. It contains code to instantiate your common application within the Tizen framework.

The `.xaml` file in the portable project already contains simple Xamarin.Forms code that makes a basic UI.

## Build Your Application

> After you create the application project, you can implement the required features. In this example, only the default features from the project template are used, and no code change is required.

Author: This IoT Page is based on mobile page.
Mobile page have a same position.
ex) https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/mobile/first-app/

I think they should have a similar format.

> After you create the application project, you can implement the required features. In this example, only the default features from the project template are used, and no code change is required.

Reviewer: @xbldx Thanks, As suggested by @mijin85cho to maintain consistency across getting started pages, we keep the sentence as is.

When your application code is ready, build the application. The building process performs a validation check and compiles your files. You must sign the application package with an author certificate when building the application. If you have not yet registered a Tizen certificate in Visual Studio, see [Certificate Manager](../../../vstools/tools/certificate-manager.md).

There are two different ways to build the application:

-   In the Visual Studio menu, select **Build \> Build Solution**.
-   In the **Solution Explorer** view, right-click the solution name and select **Build**.

> Tizen .NET applications are always deployed as installable packages. The package files have the `.tpk` file extension, and the process of generating a package is controlled by the [manifest file](../../../vstools/tools/manifest-editor.md). The Visual Studio template generates the manifest file (`tizen-manifest.xml`) to the top level of the \<projectname\>.Tizen project.

Author: It's not important information.

For this example application, the default manifest is sufficient. If you want to make any change in the application, such as changing the application icon or installing resources that are used by the application at runtime, see [Package Your Application](#package-your-application).

After you build the application, deploy and run it.

## Deploy and Run Your Application

To run the UI application, you must first deploy it to the reference board with the headed image installed. Deploying means transferring the package file (`.tpk`) to the target and invoking the Tizen Package Manager to install it.

To deploy and run the application on the reference board:

1. Connect the reference board to your PC.

> 2. Once you connect the reference board, you can deploy the application by clicking the reference board instance in the Visual Studio toolbar. Make the Tizen project as a start-up project with **Set as StartUp Project**.

Author: This IoT Page is based on Mobile, TV, Wearable pages.
ex) https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/mobile/first-app/

I think they should have a similar format.

> 2. Once you connect the reference board, you can deploy the application by clicking the reference board instance in the Visual Studio toolbar. Make the Tizen project as a start-up project with **Set as StartUp Project**.

Reviewer: @xbldx Thanks, As suggested by @mijin85cho to maintain consistency across getting started pages, we keep the sentence as is.

>     ![Deploy your package](media/vs_device_launch.png)

Reviewer: Kindly move the image after line 100, like this:

2. After you connect the reference board, you can deploy the application by clicking the reference board instance in the Visual Studio toolbar. Make the Tizen project as a start-up project with **Set as StartUp Project**.

3. In the Visual Studio toolbar, you can select the reference board from the drop-down list to change the deployment target.
   ![Deploy your package](media/vs_device_launch.png)

4. If the deployment is successful, the application icon gets displayed on the device screen. Click the icon to launch the application.

>     In the Visual Studio toolbar, you can select the reference board from the drop-down list to change the deployment target.

Author: This IoT Page is based on Mobile, TV, Wearable pages.
ex) https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/mobile/first-app/

I think they should have a similar format.
And this is not new step. It is just information.

> 3. If the deployment is successful, the application icon gets displayed visible on the device screen. Click the icon to launch the application.

Author: This IoT Page is based on Mobile, TV, Wearable pages.
ex) https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/mobile/first-app/

I think they should have a similar format.

> 3. If the deployment is successful, the application icon gets displayed visible on the device screen. Click the icon to launch the application.

Reviewer: @xbldx Thanks, but here I am not suggesting anything but requesting you to kindly remove **visible** word.
- Visible or displayed should be used but not both, if both are used, the sentence becomes grammatically & semantically incorrect. 
Have a look at the similar line in https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/wearable/first-app/ file 
If the deployment is successful, the application icon is visible on the emulator or device screen. Click the icon to launch the application.

Kindly do the needful.

> 3. If the deployment is successful, the application icon gets displayed visible on the device screen. Click the icon to launch the application.

Author: Fixed

    The following figure shows the launched application on the reference board:

    ![Application running on the reference board](media/cs_first_building_device.png)

Visual Studio uses the Smart Development Bridge (SDB) to communicate with the reference board. If you encounter a problem with detecting the device in Visual Studio, you can check the SDB manually:

1.  In the Visual Studio menu, select **Tools \> Tizen \> Tizen Sdb Command Prompt**.
2.  In the command prompt, enter `sdb devices`.

    ![Device detection](media/cs_first_building_sdb_prompt.png)

    A list of attached devices appears.

If you face any issue during deployment, it is recommended to manually install the application using SDB:

-   IoT application:

    ```bash
    $ sdb install <path-to-package>/org.tizen.example.CrossTemplate1.Tizen-1.0.0.tpk
    ```

## Understand Your Application

> The C\# code from your first application displays a label centered on the screen, containing the **Welcome to Xamarin Forms!** text. This CrossTemplate1 application created from the template is set up and ready to be built and run by Visual Studio right after you create it, as described above.

Author: This IoT Page is based on Mobile, TV, Wearable pages.
ex) https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/mobile/first-app/

I think they should have a similar format.

> The C\# code from your first application displays a label centered on the screen, containing the **Welcome to Xamarin Forms!** text. This CrossTemplate1 application created from the template is set up and ready to be built and run by Visual Studio right after you create it, as described above.

Reviewer: @xbldx Thanks, As suggested by @mijin85cho to maintain consistency across getting started pages, we keep the sentence as is.

-   `Views` are the controls displayed on the user interface, such as labels, buttons, and text entry boxes.
-   `Cells` are specialized elements used for items in tables and lists, which help describe how the items must be rendered.

The following shows the portable code portion of the Tizen Xamarin.Forms project **MainPage.xaml** file, generated by the template:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<ContentPage xmlns="http://xamarin.com/schemas/2014/forms"
             xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml"
             x:Class="CrossTemplate1.MainPage">
    <ContentPage.Content>
        <StackLayout>
            <Label Text="Welcome to Xamarin.Forms!"
                VerticalOptions="CenterAndExpand" 
                HorizontalOptions="CenterAndExpand" />
        </StackLayout>
    </ContentPage.Content>
</ContentPage>
```

This application is constructed with the following Xamarin.Forms controls:

> - There is the `ContentPage` where you set up the view to display. You assign what you want to display to the `Content` property of the ContentPage.
> - The `StackLayout` is added. This layout positions ("stacks") its child elements in a single vertical (default) or horizontal line.
> - The `Label` is added, whose `Text` property is the message you want to display.

Reviewer: Suggesting slight modification in sentence structure for better readability and precision. 
```suggestion
- `ContentPage`: you can set up the view to display. You assign what you want to display to the `Content` property of the ContentPage.
- `StackLayout`: you can set up the layout positions ("stacks") and its child elements in a single vertical (default) or horizontal line.
- `Label`: you can set the `Text` property to display the message you want.
```
If you don't like the suggestion, kindly ignore the comment, and if you like, kindly verify for technical correctness.

Author: The current version is better for us.

> The code does not show the instantiation of the `App` class. Since application launching is platform-specific, the launching part, including the instantiation of the `App` class and the declaration of the `Main()` function (required as the entry point of every C\# program), happens in the \<projectname\>.Tizen project, in the matching file there. The following example shows the content of the `<projectname>.Tizen.cs` file:

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be in bold or code tag or intentionally bold or code tag styling is not applied?

\<projectname\>

```suggestion
The code does not show the instantiation of the `App` class. Since application launching is platform-specific, the launching part, including the instantiation of the `App` class and the declaration of the `Main()` function (required as the entry point of every C\# program), happens in the `\<projectname\>.Tizen` project, in the matching file there. The following example shows the content of the `<projectname>.Tizen.cs` file:
```

Author: It's not important information in document.

```csharp
using System;
using Xamarin.Forms;

namespace CrossTemplate1
{
    class Program : global::Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Tizen.FormsApplication
    {
        protected override void OnCreate()
        {
            base.OnCreate();

            LoadApplication(new App());
        }

        static void Main(string[] args)
        {
            var app = new Program();
            Forms.Init(app);
            app.Run(args);
        }
    }
}
```

## Package Your Application

> A Tizen .NET application is deployed in the form of an installable package, with the package file extension `.tpk`. A Tizen .NET package has a relatively simple structure: internally it is a ZIP file with content that matches the directory layout of the project.

Reviewer: Slight modification:
```suggestion
A Tizen .NET application is deployed in the form of an installable package, with the package file extension `.tpk`. A Tizen .NET package has a relatively simple structure, internally it is a ZIP file with content that matches the directory layout of the project.

Author: This IoT Page is based on Mobile, TV, Wearable pages.
ex) https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/mobile/first-app/

I think they should have a similar format.

Reviewer: @xbldx As suggested by @mijin85cho to maintain consistency across getting started pages, we keeopthe sentence as is.

The package contains the following:

- The `shared` directory, which is for items that are considered system-wide (shareable).

    The application icon is packaged in the `shared/res` directory on installation, and the icon appears on the home screen with the icons for the other applications. You can either replace the icon (which is just a copy of the default Tizen logo) with one of your own using the file name generated by Visual Studio, or put a new icon in the same project directory and update the package manifest to indicate the new name.

- The `res` directory, which is for application-private resources.

    If the application needs a file to open at runtime, it can be placed here.

- The `bin` directory, which contains the generated application executable.
- The `lib` directory, which contains the generated application support code.

>     If you use nugget libraries, they are imported in the lib directory.

Reviewer: Is it nugget only or NuGet libraries.
- Kindly verify. If I am wrong in my understanding, kindly ignore this comment. 
- If it is NuGet, kindly change nugget to Nuget in the sentence. 

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/library-guidance/nuget

Author: Fixed.

- The package manifest, which defines the application properties and is used at the installation time.
- Two signature files (author and distributor), which are checked at the installation time.

> The following figure shows the layout of the platform-specific (Tizen) project. 

Reviewer: In other get started guides, it is a period so for maintaining consistency we can keep it as is. 

https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/wearable/first-app/

Kindly replace the period . with : colon at the end of the sentence. This is as per Tizen Style guide as word **following** is in the sentence. 
```suggestion 
The following figure shows the layout of the platform-specific (Tizen) project:
```

Author: Fixed.

# Create Your First Tizen IoT .NET Application

The Tizen .NET framework allows you to easily and efficiently create applications for Tizen. Study the following instructions to help familiarize yourself with the Tizen .NET application development process. With the instructions, you can create and run a basic .NET application, which displays some texts on the screen without any user interaction.

1.  Before you get started with developing Tizen applications, set up the [development environment](../../../vstools/install.md).

2. [Create a Project](#create-a-project) using Visual Studio.

    This step shows how you can use a predesigned project template that creates all the basic files and folders required for your project.

3. [Build Your Application](#build-your-application).

    After you have implemented code for the features you want, this step shows how you can build the application to validate and compile

>     the code.

Reviewer: @xbldx 

Line 13, although the line renders properly on GitHub, but can you just check once why "the code" is in the next line?
Just verify, if it is fine, kindly ignore.

Author: Fixed it.

4. [Deploy and Run Your Application](#deploy-and-run-your-application).

    This step shows how you can deploy and run the application on the reference board.

5. [Understand Your Application](#understand-your-application).

>     This step shows the default structure of the basic files.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the update, @xbldx

@nawab-samsung I also hope you check the sentence and let us know your opinion.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho 
I feel to align with the content under heading **Understand Your Application**, I suggest slight modification. 
```suggestion
This step shows the controls used in the application and explains the default structure of the basic files.
```
Request your opinion on this and if you find this to be fine, we can request @xbldx to update it.

Author: @mijin85cho
If you agree his suggestion, I will apply it. Please let me know it.

Reviewer: @xbldx thanks for your cooperation and active participation in clearing our doubts.

Reviewer 2: I think @nawab-samsung's enhancement  is acceptable.
Adding to that, I suggest the sentence rewriting like below.

This step explains the controls used in the application and the default structure of the basic files.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho seems fine, request @xbldx to kindly update the sentence. Following which I will check the file thoroughly again and approve in case all is well.

Author: Fixed it.

>     This step shows how you can enhance your application by creating a UI and making small alterations to improve the usability of the application.

Reviewer 2: > This step shows how you can _enhance your application_ by _creating a UI_ and _making small alterations_ to improve the usability of the application.

I wish "Understand Your Application" section would have had more description about "creating a UI" or "making small alteration to improve the usability of the application".

For now the "Understand Your Application" seems to focus on describing the default/existing notion more, rather than "enhancing your application".

So, if you are not planning to enhance the "Understand Your Application" section (I think the section name is also changed from "enhance" to "understand"),
how about changing the description sentence instead, for this case?

For example, "This step shows the default structure of the basic files" or in this way.

Would you please share your suggestion?

Author: I update it based on your example.

6. [Package Your Application](#package-your-application).

    This step shows how you can package your application.

## Create a Project

The following example shows you how to create and configure a basic Tizen .NET application project in Visual Studio. An application project contains all the files that make up an application.

The following figure illustrates the output of the application. 

![Application running on the reference board](media/cs_first_building_device.png)

> The application screen displays a message, **Welcome to Xamarin Forms!** and there is no user interaction.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho We don't need to change. I guess.
Instead, we can match the image text to "Welcome to Xamarin Forms!" in the code, then all will be aligned to match other guides. What is your opinion on this?

> The application screen displays a message, **Welcome to Xamarin Forms!** and there is no user interaction.

Reviewer: ![334](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43839737/83721072-fde17c00-a657-11ea-9e03-f9312e138a12.PNG)

> The application screen displays a message, **Welcome to Xamarin Forms!** and there is no user interaction.

Author: I fixed the image.

To create a new Tizen .NET project:

1.  Launch Visual Studio 2019.

2. In the Visual Studio menu, select **File \> New \> Project**.

    ![Create a new project](media/cs_first_creating_menupath.png)

    A New Project window appears.

3. Select **C\#** from languages and **Tizen** from platforms, select **Tizen XAML App (Xamarin.Forms)** template and click **Next**.

    ![Select a template](media/cs_first_creating_new_project.png)

    Configure the project properties and click **Create**. You can enter **Project name**, **Location**, **Solution**, and **Solution name**.

>     ![Select a template](media/cs_first_creating_configure_project.png)

Reviewer: \Tizen\source\repos   This is windows path 

/Tizen/source/repos   This is Linux path

We want slashes instead of special characters, isn't it? 

@mijin85cho can you help me understand what you are trying to say here such that I too can learn.

>     ![Select a template](media/cs_first_creating_configure_project.png)

Reviewer 2: @nawab-samsung Sorry for the confusion. Yes, I want to change the ￦ mark to \\.

￦ is used in korean windows os, so the image is requested to be captured again on windows os in Eng mode.

**Example**  : https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/mobile/first-app/

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9958374/83718646-73594680-a670-11ea-9084-b19543008dfd.png)

>     ![Select a template](media/cs_first_creating_configure_project.png)

Reviewer: @mijin85cho thanks, I really appreciate that. It is a learning to know that special character￦is Korean alternative of /. 

Thanks a lot for always helping me learn these new things.

>     ![Select a template](media/cs_first_creating_configure_project.png)

Author: I fixed the image.

>     ![Select a template](media/cs_first_creating_configure_project.png)

Reviewer 2: > Same issue to cs_first_creating_project_wizard_common.png and cs_first_building_sdb_prompt.png

Thanks for the update, @xbldx.

Also, **cs_first_creating_project_wizard_common.png** and **cs_first_building_sdb_prompt.png** have the same issue. 
These images are containing ￦, too.
Would you please update them also?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9958374/83738500-5718d200-a68f-11ea-98e8-7c6b6d099c02.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9958374/83738417-42d4d500-a68f-11ea-91dd-b67c1afdf9d5.png)

-   The **\<projectname\>** project contains the Xamarin.Forms code shared across platforms.
-   A common project titled **\<projectname\>.Tizen** is added. It contains code to instantiate your common application within the Tizen framework.

The `.xaml` file in the portable project already contains simple Xamarin.Forms code that makes a basic UI.

## Build Your Application

After you create the application project, you can implement the required features. In this example, only the default features from the project template are used, and no code change is required.

When your application code is ready, build the application. The building process performs a validation check and compiles your files. You must sign the application package with an author certificate when building the application. If you have not yet registered a Tizen certificate in Visual Studio, see [Certificate Manager](../../../vstools/tools/certificate-manager.md).

There are two different ways to build the application:

-   In the Visual Studio menu, select **Build \> Build Solution**.
-   In the **Solution Explorer** view, right-click the solution name and select **Build**.

> Tizen .NET applications are always deployed as installable packages. The package files have the `.tpk` file extension, and the process of generating a package is controlled by the [manifest file](../../../vstools/tools/manifest-editor.md). The Visual Studio template generates the manifest file (`tizen-manifest.xml`) to the top level of the **\<projectname\>.Tizen project**.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho The reason to bold was just to **stress** upon the fact that this name is the name that the project will have for any user. 
But yes for maintaining consistency, your suggestion is right.

> Tizen .NET applications are always deployed as installable packages. The package files have the `.tpk` file extension, and the process of generating a package is controlled by the [manifest file](../../../vstools/tools/manifest-editor.md). The Visual Studio template generates the manifest file (`tizen-manifest.xml`) to the top level of the **\<projectname\>.Tizen project**.

Author: I reverted it.

To deploy and run the application on the reference board:

1. Connect the reference board to your PC.

2. Once you connect the reference board, you can deploy the application by clicking the reference board instance in the Visual Studio toolbar. Make the Tizen project as a start-up project with **Set as StartUp Project**.

    ![Deploy your package](media/vs_device_launch.png)

    In the Visual Studio toolbar, you can select the reference board from the drop-down list to change the deployment target.

3. If the deployment is successful, the application icon is visible on the device screen. Click the icon to launch the application.

    The following figure shows the launched application on the reference board:

    ![Application running on the reference board](media/cs_first_building_device.png)

Visual Studio uses the Smart Development Bridge (SDB) to communicate with the reference board. If you encounter a problem with detecting the device in Visual Studio, you can check the SDB manually:

1.  In the Visual Studio menu, select **Tools \> Tizen \> Tizen Sdb Command Prompt**.
2.  In the command prompt, enter `sdb devices`.

>     ![Device detection](media/cs_first_building_sdb_prompt.png)

Reviewer: @xbldx  ,as @mijin85cho pointed out, request you to change the image.

Author: Fixed it

>     ![Device detection](media/cs_first_building_sdb_prompt.png)

Author: We should use a real target for IoT. That's because there is no emulator for IoT.
So IP should be displayed. But this IP is not an external real IP. It is an internal IP.
So I think it's no problem to use it.

You can find a internal IP in other documents.
ex) https://developer.tizen.org/development/training/.net-application/test-tizen-.net-application-on-gear-device

    A list of attached devices appears.

If you face any issue during deployment, it is recommended to manually install the application using SDB:

-   IoT application:

    ```bash
    $ sdb install <path-to-package>/org.tizen.example.CrossTemplate1.Tizen-1.0.0.tpk
    ```

## Understand Your Application

> The C\# code from your first application displays a label centered on the screen, containing the **Welcome to Xamarin Forms!** text. This CrossTemplate1 application created from the template is set up and ready to be built and run by Visual Studio right after you create it, as described above.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho Don't we need to maintain consistency here and change all over other files too like in https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/mobile/first-app/?
I agree with your comment and it would be actually good.

> The C\# code from your first application displays a label centered on the screen, containing the **Welcome to Xamarin Forms!** text. This CrossTemplate1 application created from the template is set up and ready to be built and run by Visual Studio right after you create it, as described above.

Reviewer 2: @nawab-samsung Check the accuracy of the content.
In the link you marked, the actual string printed on the screen is "Welcome to Xamarin Forms!"
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9958374/83718046-2e80e000-a66f-11ea-8577-5cd700931223.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9958374/83718240-9e8f6600-a66f-11ea-8b14-63261699df8d.png)

In this page the string that coded and printed is "Welcome to Xamarin.Forms!"

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9958374/83718124-66882300-a66f-11ea-8cf3-b0ae69ef41e6.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9958374/83718161-7bfd4d00-a66f-11ea-8f34-a1ad6f5f3511.png)

Please read and understand the content, to get what you should check out...

> The C\# code from your first application displays a label centered on the screen, containing the **Welcome to Xamarin Forms!** text. This CrossTemplate1 application created from the template is set up and ready to be built and run by Visual Studio right after you create it, as described above.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho Thanks but I think you did not get my point here: 
1. The text above or below the image is not pointing to "welcome to Xamarin forms" its in code segment that "Welcome to Xamarin.Forms" exists. We usually do not alter code. 

2. I was originally pointing out to line 130 which is exactly written as per other existing guides, have a look please:  

![11](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43839737/83719527-e5bc2d80-a654-11ea-94c3-aaf03200339f.PNG)

I don't think I am wrong in my observation here, but you took my comment wrongly here.
Kindly verify and in case of any query or discrepancy, let me know. I will be glad to clarify

> The C\# code from your first application displays a label centered on the screen, containing the **Welcome to Xamarin Forms!** text. This CrossTemplate1 application created from the template is set up and ready to be built and run by Visual Studio right after you create it, as described above.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho can we match the image text to "Welcome to Xamarin Form", then all will be aligned to match other guides. What is your opinion on this?

> The C\# code from your first application displays a label centered on the screen, containing the **Welcome to Xamarin Forms!** text. This CrossTemplate1 application created from the template is set up and ready to be built and run by Visual Studio right after you create it, as described above.

Reviewer 2: @nawab-samsung Now I see that I misread your previous comment and I'm sorry for that.

"Matching the string to the actual code" & " Updating the image" both are possible way to get the accuracy of the content. 
For the case of image updating, @xbldx should rebuild the app with updated "Text" and get the image of the result. I think we can accept any way that @xbldx choose if the strings are matched.

> The C\# code from your first application displays a label centered on the screen, containing the **Welcome to Xamarin Forms!** text. This CrossTemplate1 application created from the template is set up and ready to be built and run by Visual Studio right after you create it, as described above.

Reviewer: ![334](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43839737/83721114-10f44c00-a658-11ea-8aba-ee6ca1321645.PNG)

> The C\# code from your first application displays a label centered on the screen, containing the **Welcome to Xamarin Forms!** text. This CrossTemplate1 application created from the template is set up and ready to be built and run by Visual Studio right after you create it, as described above.

Author: I fixed the image.

-   `Layouts` are containers used to compose views into logical structures. Some available types are absolute, grid, relative, and stack layouts; each provides mechanisms, such as orientation, spacing, and padding, to control the layout. The `StackLayout` class is a basic layout where you can simply stack controls on top of, or side-by-side, one another. Layouts can also be bundled with and nested into each other.
-   `Views` are the controls displayed on the user interface, such as labels, buttons, and text entry boxes.
-   `Cells` are specialized elements used for items in tables and lists, which help describe how the items must be rendered.

The following shows the portable code portion of the Tizen Xamarin.Forms project **MainPage.xaml** file, generated by the template:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<ContentPage xmlns="http://xamarin.com/schemas/2014/forms"
             xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml"
             x:Class="CrossTemplate1.MainPage">
    <ContentPage.Content>
        <StackLayout>

>             <Label Text="Welcome to Xamarin.Forms!"

Reviewer: @xbldx I hope you will do the needful here, as suggested by @mijin85cho

>             <Label Text="Welcome to Xamarin.Forms!"

Author: Fixed.

                VerticalOptions="CenterAndExpand" 
                HorizontalOptions="CenterAndExpand" />
        </StackLayout>
    </ContentPage.Content>
</ContentPage>
```

This application is constructed with the following Xamarin.Forms controls:

- There is the `ContentPage` where you set up the view to display. You assign what you want to display to the `Content` property of the ContentPage.
- The `StackLayout` is added. This layout positions ("stacks") its child elements in a single vertical (default) or horizontal line.
- The `Label` is added, whose `Text` property is the message you want to display.

> The code does not show the instantiation of the `App` class. Since application launching is platform-specific, the launching part, including the instantiation of the `App` class and the declaration of the `Main()` function (required as the entry point of every C\# program), happens in the `\<projectname\>.Tizen` project, in the matching file there. The following example shows the content of the `<projectname>.Tizen.cs` file:

Reviewer 2: With the similar reason with above comment, I'm not sure with using code tag to "\<projectname\>.Tizen project" here.

(I think this sentence can be considered as "~~ happens in the project.")

How about reverting back to normal font?

Reviewer: @mijin85cho Consistency within the file and across the files, If within the file is considered, then we may need to change line 68: A common project titled **\<projectname\>.Tizen** is added. It contains code to instantiate your common application within the Tizen framework.

But, if consistency across files is considered, then we need to keep it as is:  https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/get-started/mobile/first-app/

Author: I reverted it.

            app.Run(args);
        }
    }
}
```

## Package Your Application

A Tizen .NET application is deployed in the form of an installable package, with the package file extension `.tpk`. A Tizen .NET package has a relatively simple structure: internally it is a ZIP file with content that matches the directory layout of the project.

The package contains the following:

- The `shared` directory, which is for items that are considered system-wide (shareable).

    The application icon is packaged in the `shared/res` directory on installation, and the icon appears on the home screen with the icons for the other applications. You can either replace the icon (which is just a copy of the default Tizen logo) with one of your own using the file name generated by Visual Studio, or put a new icon in the same project directory and update the package manifest to indicate the new name.

- The `res` directory, which is for application-private resources.

    If the application needs a file to open at runtime, it can be placed here.

- The `bin` directory, which contains the generated application executable.
- The `lib` directory, which contains the generated application support code.

>     If you use Nuget libraries, they are imported in the lib directory.

Reviewer: @xbldx I know that lib is not in code style if we see other files. but should'nt it be in code style actually?
`lib`
Whats your opinion about this? If you feel it should'nt be, ignore this comment.

Author: I think it's good to explain the lib folder here. Thanks
